If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.
All warfare is based on deception. Hence, when we are able to attack, we must seem unable; when using our forces, we must appear inactive; when we are near, we must make the enemy believe we are far away; when far away, we must make him believe we are near.
Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting.
Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt.
In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity.
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
If your enemy is secure at all points, be prepared for him. If he is in superior strength, evade him. If your opponent is temperamental, seek to irritate him. Pretend to be weak, that he may grow arrogant. If he is taking his ease, give him no rest. If his forces are united, separate them. If sovereign and subject are in accord, put division between them. Attack him where he is unprepared, appear where you are not expected.
The greatest victory is that which requires no battle.
To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy.
There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare.
Treat your men as you would your own beloved sons. And they will follow you into the deepest valley.
Move swift as the Wind and closely-formed as the Wood. Attack like the Fire and be still as the Mountain.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
Be extremely subtle, even to the point of formlessness.
Quickness is the essence of the war.
The greatest victory is that which requires no battle.
Who wishes to fight must first count the cost.
The wise warrior avoids the battle.
What the ancients called a clever fighter is one who not only wins, but excels in winning with ease.
The whole secret lies in confusing the enemy, so that he cannot fathom our real intent.
If the mind is willing, the flesh could go on and on without many things.
Attack is the secret of defense; defense is the planning of an attack.
All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved.
Build your opponent a golden bridge to retreat across.
If fighting is sure to result in victory, then you must fight.

You can either be a smart fella or a fart smella
With great power comes great responsibility
It's morbin' time
I'm going ghost
Whatever you do, don't show all your techniques on a YouTube video. You fool, you moron.
I am become Death, destroyer of worlds.
Don't you lecture me with your $30 haircut
Bababooie
any female born after 1993 can't cook... all they know is mcdonald's, charge they phone, twerk, be bisexual, eat hot chip & lie
Please take a shower immediately
What is drip if not swag persevering
Lmao i did ur mom
Bazinga
I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me.
Hypocrite that you are, for you trust the chemicals in your brain to tell you they are chemicals. All knowledge is ultimately based on that which we cannot prove. Will you fight? Or will you perish like a dog?
This really was Jojo's Bizzare Adventure
Why isn't it possible you stupid bastard
Did anyone else imagine a little guy running beside the car doing parkour over the signs?
Oh the misery
Every single person is my enemy
AMONG US
Somebody once told me the world was gonna roll me
Stop saying dumbass things you're not making any sense
She blow that dick like a cello
My dick so hard it make the metal detector go off
I'm in the kitchen. Yams everywhere.
Yama da llama llama chgamba gamba (voice crackin')
I said (he's a genius)
It's off the top for real, all this off the top (I feel, I feel, I feel)
Yaba dababada when da beat drop (beat drop)
Nants ingonyama bagithi baba
Fortnite Battlepass
what the dog doin?
When I die, I swear to god I hope no one makes up fake quotes from my book
trans rights
